Document Config Generator (#110)
elan-ev/tobira: backend/README.md

Configuration
-------------

> The backend loads configuration from a file called `config.toml` in the current working directory.

Reviewer: Actually, since #93, we also try to load it from `/etc/tobira/config.toml`. See

https://github.com/elan-ev/tobira/blob/05f96e094ae7862b91ca0324d08f028a7749aac0/backend/server/src/config.rs#L17

Author: ```suggestion
The backend loads its configuration from the first file found at the following locations:
- `config.toml`
- `/etc/tobira/config.toml`
```

To generate an example configuration file with further documentation, run:

```sh

> tobira write-config

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tobira write-config               # write to stdout
tobira write-config config.toml   # write to 'config.toml'
```
